# CA06 - Customer Segmentation using K-Means Clustering

## - Brief description of the purpose of your program and what it is doing
**Objective:** The aim of this assignment is to perform customer segmentation using the K-Means clustering algorithm in order to better understand the different types of customers in a given dataset.

Using the KMeans algorithm, we successfully clustered our data into 5 distinct groups. Our data exploration revealed a clear clustering pattern when we plotted Annual Income (k) against Spending Score (1-100) on a scatterplot. By visually inspecting the plot, we were able to identify 5 clusters.

To confirm our intuition, we calculated the silhouette score for different values of K and found that K=5 provided the best clustering solution. After running KMeans with K=5, we observed that the algorithm was able to effectively group the data into 5 distinct clusters, with each cluster having its own unique characteristics.

## - Libraries are needed in the environment to be able to run the code
- `pandas`
- `sklearn`
- `matplotlib`

## - What versions of various software/libraries are you using
Python version
3.9.7 | packaged by conda-forge | (default, Sep 29 2021, 19:20:46) 
[GCC 9.4.0]
Version info.
sys.version_info(major=3, minor=9, micro=7, releaselevel='final', serial=0)

pandas version: 1.4.0
scikit-learn version: 1.0.2

## - What dataset are you using and their source
- **Dataset:** `Mall_Customers.csv` dataset, which can be found at the following link: https://github.com/ArinB/MSBA-CA-Data/raw/main/CA06/Mall_Customers.csv

## - Acknowledgement and link to source code of anyone else’s code, if you are reusing them
Some of the code was generated by ChatGPT

## - How to install and run your code along with datasets to be able to run your program successfully
1. Download folder from GitHub containing Jupyter notebook ("CA06 - Customer Segmentation using K-Means Clustering")
2. Upload folder to coding environment: Google Colab or Jupyterhub.
3. Run